# React Upskill Backend

## Description

Backend for the React Upskill Mentoring Program (Basic and Advanced). The main goal for this project was to provide fully working app which can be started with minimal effort.

## Prerequisites

All you have to do is just to install [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) on your machine.

## Build & Run  :construction_worker:

  1. create `.env` file with with four required values: `DB_USER`, `DB_PASSWORD`, `DB_NAME` and `JWT_SECRET` (this [example](./.env.example) might be helpful)
  2. run `docker-compose up -d`

## Swagger

There are autogenerated Swagger docs which might be helpful to quickly investigate which endpoints are available and what data do we need to pass there. To check it out just navigate to `localhost:4000/api` (here is an assumption that your docker container with the API is running under port **4000** :trollface:).

## Database Seeding

By default database is prepopulated only with `Employee` records. There are no `Invoice` ones but it's achievable to generate some random `Invoice` records. The number of records can be controlled by environment variable `DB_SEED_INVOICES`: [example](./.env.example).

## Authentication

The authentication strategy is pretty simple [Bearer Authentication](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/authentication/bearer-authentication/). In case when user is unauthorized then typically 401 error (`Unathorized Exception`) is being thrown. For demo purpose database has been populated with the default user. Its credentials are `username: upskill`, `password: upskill`.
